<i>[Wifey Vs. WiFi]</i>

<i>[Ab-Soul:]</i>
Man, I hate quoting Jay-Z, cuz is just too tight
Is he a Blood is he Crip? Is he that, is he this? Will he do it? You know, it!

(Uh, ay, man)
Now every time I say "it" it's in reference to my dick
You can suck it if you want to
Every time I say "it" it's in reference to my dick
And you can suck it motherfucking bitch

Listen bitch
When it's in you the sentiment is incredible
Winter fresh even, I even undress your winter clothes
When it's out, instead of worrying about where it's at
You'd rather rack your cap about where it's going or where it's been
Where are we going? I'm beginning to see an end
Don't bring Larry King in this
Sniff the evidence on my clothes
And go through my cell phone and
Now I'm in jail for leaving out a few details, oh well

It's wifey or WiFi, (ay) wifey or WiFi, (ay) wifey or WiFi
Got some niggas in the pen that really gotta face time
She just bitching cause I missed her Facetime
It's wifey or WiFi, (ay) wifey or WiFi, (ay) wifey or WiFi
Got some niggas really having issues in the cell
She just bitching cause them other bitches in my cell, oh well

Oh well
I guess she wanna go to war then
I guess we should  warn the warden
Oh well, oh well

Alright I want you to tweet me right now if you're using your third iPhone
It's wifey or WiFi, wifey or WiFi, wifey or WiFi
It's wifey or WiFi, wifey or WiFi, wifey or WiFi
Oh well, oh well, oh well, oh well
Oh I hit you with the hash back
Ay

My nigga lil' Riley got into it with his mommy
They be fighting all the time so I ain't pay it no mind
He said: "God, she could really be the devil" I said "Chill"
He smacked his teeth and shook his head and said: "No, for real!
You know I love her but she could really be a pain in the ass
Matter fact, fuck that, pull out your jack real fast
Real shit my nigga
Now glance at the keypad
This that mind boggling shit you like to throw in your raps
And this might be your best yet
Notice how every number represents three letters of the alphabet
Like 2 is A-B-C, 3 is D-E-F, 4 is G-H-I"
I said: "I get it, alright!"
He said: "Now trip off this:
Listen to me Soul
I know you off the shits but I'ma need you to get a grip"
I said: "Be serious"
He said "Dial M-O-M"
What a hella coincidence, it was 6-6-

<i>[P.M.S.]</i>

<i>[BR3:]</i>
All because of this penitentiary mind state. Is it my fate?
For God's sakes, why did I have to lose the case?
I kept it real, and I ain't never been fake
I'm feeling like Biggie when he lost faith

See this penitentiary mind state. Is it my fate?
For God's sakes, why did I have to lose the case?
I kept it real, and I ain't never been fake
I'm feeling like Biggie when he lost faith

Look, there's sixty seconds left
I'ma have to get back later
Ya boy chasing this penitentiary paper
Tell my momma "stay on point"
Your phone hit her on three-way
Then fuck it I'ma hit her on that other joint
First term nigga
But I did it like a vet
Hung up the phone, and when I asked: "Who had next?"
It was one of the lifers, all nest with no neck
Gotta stay with my striker, no nigga is no threat
I swipe my knife on the under
But I can still hear it in my ear when he said: "That's right youngster
Just stay focused
Sleep with your ears open
Beat 'em with a long-handled spoon when you deal with smokers"
I sag low when I walk the yard, hold my head high
Yaddada to them bay niggas
Me, I'm from the west side
Looking for a gram to steal
Cause I'm tryna' get high
Thinking bout my fake ass bitch on the outside
Out of sight, out of mind, shit, oh my
Long as the nigga make the paper when he doing time
Right look, fuck it I'm lying
I'm just retrying to hold out
Thought of some trick running dick in my bitch

My penitentiary mind state. Is it my fate?
For God's sakes, why did I have to lose the case?
I kept it real, and I ain't never been fake
I'm feeling like Biggie when he lost faith

Look, hold up