Quiero vivir como los árboles
Breathe Easy!
Trees, trees, trees
Soul! 
I just wanna, I just wanna
LT3 shit, nigga, look

I just wanna live like the trees
Shoot the breeze, stay around some leaves, you nah mean?
But I'm about to go on tour
Can't wait for wind, pollination to plant my seeds in the soil
Around '07 TDE Struck oil
It's my turn, Mr. LongTerm of turmoil
I'm holdin' up the terminal takin' flicks
I'm irritated but they're the reason that I'm gettin' rich
Cheese, Give me an upgrade, see
Then I'll be on my way, I'm on my way to NYC
Last time I was there I swear I sold out SOBs
In Times Square with my circle of G's, you nah mean?
Fuck you niggas with your hands out
Suck my third leg while I branch out

<i>[Hook:]</i>
Cause I just wanna live like the trees
Shoot the breeze, stay around some leaves, you nah mean?
But this money got me on the run
And it don't grow on trees, I'm tryna get me some
Get me some, get me some, some, Get me some
Get me some, get me some, some, Get me some
Get me some, get me some, some, Get me some
Shit don't grow money on trees, breathe easy!

I got most of you motherfuckers stumped
Rap like I go to church with work in the trunk
Lord forgive me but my pennies turnin' into dubs
I'm losin' my sense, they say I changed up 
And I don't feel no different, I'm still the same nigga
Maybe my brain's bigger, gettin' brains quicker
Used to cop a little deuce
Now I cop a whole case of Actavis to give Sprite stock a boost
Ab-Soul, yeah I'm gettin' loot 
Bitches walkin' bow legged out my dressin' room
Was at the Travelodge but now we at the W
Just to shower, be out in an hour, I got shit to do
Plenty empty Backwood packs in your face
In my backpack more OG than your hood, dang
Hey, can't live without the Benjamins
But I'm interested in Photosynthesis

<i>[Hook]</i>

Me and She sittin' in a tree
K.I.S.S.I.N.G
First comes love, then comes marriage
Fuck that! I'm just tryna get up in your panties
Where the trees, trees, trees
Where the trees, trees, trees, trees
Burn the motherfuckin' trees, trees, trees, trees
With the trees, trees, trees, trees

<i>[Interlude: Joey Bada$$]</i>
It's still World Domination
Keep a Backwood and a motherfuckin' eighth and
Always got the trees, so what the fuck you mean
I ain't about to rise to the top with my fuckin' team
Nigga it's still a World Domination
Keep a Backwood and a motherfuckin' eighth and
Always got the trees, so what the fuck you mean
I ain't about to rise to the top with my fuckin' team

Heaven ain't far Curtiss, it ain't far at all my nigga
Check, Joey I know I told you, quote it in a verse
But we called it the third eye when it could really be the first
Wha gwan Jah no rarseclart me
I took it to heights these parasites can't see
Rarely do I bark, hope you get the analogy
Top Dawg Ent barkin' on the whole industry
Niggas get to bitin', I be like Breathe Easy!
Your cardiovascular isn't fast enough
I'm Canibus smokin' cannabis, sippin' Actavis
Before the Mathers diss I used to work at Magic Disk
With a dollar and a dream, why you think money is green?
Color of vegetation, the most important thing Trees

Gimme some, gimme some
Gimme some, gimme some
Gimme some, gimme some