<i>[Portishead In The Morning]</i>

"Light from the brightest supernova of the 20th century reaches Earth from 168,000 light-years away. At the University of Toronto’s observatory in the foothills of the Andes mountains, 30-year-old astronomer Ian Shelton was looking at photographic plates in the wee hours of Feb. 24, while listening to Pink Floyd‘s The Wall. The plates covered an area near the Large Magellanic Cloud, when he spotted an exceptionally bright spot"

I'm the brightest silver lining
'Cause I'm the brightest silver lining
Don't make, make me take my life back

Demigod with a record deal
Everything's puny to me, you a newbie
I'm from Niburu, microphone check 1, 2, 3
Master of ceremony no matter the territory, I'm cozy
Oz a OG, my brain playing ring around the rosy
The fried egg in my head defies science
I'm Bill Nye, going to great heights to stay the highest
Call me Soulo hoe the prophet, but do you really comprehend it?
Is it prophet meaning messenger, or prophet meaning expenses?
Pick it... ah, forget it

I'm the brightest silver lining
'Cause I'm the brightest silver lining
Don't make, make me take my life back

"When he walked outside the observatory"

The philosopher getting stoned
It's no doubt in my mind I found the philosopher's stone
Thought these were just songs that I write? You're wrong
Move my mouth and move a mountain with ease as well
Dead ass, I'ma live forever like the HeLa cell
My nigga <i>[?]</i> said "Ab you a genius but you gotta go stupid
Sometimes in order to win you gotta lose it"
My goal was to hit the hitters to glitches in the system
Do we really want to go to heaven? Ain't no bitches mentioned (this is a man's world)
I ain't a sexist, I enlighten sisters too
Oh yes, it's Bohemian Grove baby, not groove
One time for the women, two times...
I'm from another galaxy, I'm actually an android
Look me up on your galaxies and your androids
The devil was created, he is not a creator
And energy can neither be created or destroyed
It's YMF nigga, YMF nigga
If I ain't the messiah, I'm a mess nigga
YMF nigga, YMF nigga
If I ain't the messiah, I'm the brightest silver lining
I'm the brightest silver lining
I'm the brightest silver lining
Don't make, make me take my life back

"That spot did turn out to be supernova 1987A. When he walked outside the observatory, the object was visible to the naked eye. The plates covered an area near the Large Magellanic Cloud, when he spotted an exceptionally bright spot"

<i>[HER World]</i>

She's got the whole world in her hands
She's got the whole world in her hands
She's got the whole world in her hands
She's got the whole world in her hands
She's got the whole world in her hands
She's got the whole world in her hands

Ay man, there's more than one reason why there is only one
Remember that first or end before you've begun
I rhyme like I'm God's only begotten son
She so loved the world she gave Soul the world
That's why I just have fun, and use my third eye like I just had one
God gotta be a thot, the blood from your erection come from your brain and your feet, so you can' think and you can't run