Hood nation niggas
Thank God for the blessings
Thank God for the message
Beat me up Scotty

No one imperfect
Got no one worth it
Ball without the jersey
I know my purpose
God sent me a sign
Can't keep it inside, I won't
Peace in my soul and peace in my mind
I keep peace on my side, the devil's a rival
Thinking of times
I wonder if 2Pac was alive or Biggie Smalls
It probably would be both of <i>[?]</i>
Smoking on this lift talking about amateurs, oh lord
Damn, dog, that'd be a hell of a time
Still praying for my people doing federal time
Niggas praying that we fall, but we destined to shine
Sandra Bland was a victim of the system's demise
Wish my granny was here to witness me flourish <i>[?]</i>
Eric Garner and many others mistakingly died
All these police are killing us, it gets sweeped to the side
Be the change you wanna see, it's up to you to decide

What if I could change the world?
Put smiles on the faces of little boys and girls
I say, now what if I could change the game?
"Grammy Award winner" gets attached to my name
What if I could do a song with Beyoncé?
And Marvin Gaye sung a song to my fiancée
Guess I'm wishful thinking
Can't blame a man for dreaming

They say, to change the world, must change yourself
I cannot complain, I'm blessed to death
I got favor, favor, favor, favor
Shit
God is good, a boy is able, man
I'm just trying to become legendary
That's on my itinerary, at least before the cemetery
Remember me like you remember Bob Marley
Preaching you the truth in the booth cause I'm whole-hearted
Riding in the coup and the roof is dearly departed
Be the greatest ever the motive of when I started
And it still is
How the hell I get this big crib?
I know they probably think I drug deal, most will
Ace Hood is the biggest inspiration
Let me be the reason you focus on education
Let me show how you can grow through the meditation
Let me use this gift that I got for some motivation

Man, what if I could change the world?
I put smiles on the faces of little boys and girls
I say, now what if I could change the game?
"Grammy Award winner" gets attached to my name
What if I could do a song with Beyoncé?
And Marvin Gaye sung a song to my fiancée
Guess I'm wishful thinking
Can't blame a man for dreaming, though

Get up, get up, get up, get up
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up
Get up, get up, get up, get up
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up

Hood nation
What if I could change the world?
What if I could change the world?
Oh lord, now hat if I could change the game?
<i>[?]</i>