Hey, Mr. Black Man living in America
We can never let these motherfuckers bury us
Embarrass us
Hey, Mr. Black Man living in America (hey)
Hey, Mr. Black Man living in America (hey)

Woke up in the morning thanked the Lord for seeing another day
Should I sell dope or figure shit out in another way
Tryna keep my faith but see the devil from a mile away
Bills are piling, momma just complaining bout them everyday
Getting sick and tired, tears are running down her eyes
Only thing that's on my mind, I just got to fucking grind
Like ain't got shit to lose, I got so more shit to prove
Hit my plug and make some moves or finess them with that tool
This is me and daddy shoot, that's what they want us to do
System set so we can lose, just depends on what you choose
Grab that chopper, shoot that block up you gon end up on the news
Rather fill yourself up with knowledge that's that power we refuse
Prisons over populated cause we dropping outta school
Let 'em tell it we uneducated , life a devastation
All our actions are not validated, police agitated
Shoot us up then go home and kiss their babies
Shit so fucking crazy
I apologize to every single person that we lost
From a stupid motherfucker who think they above the law
Got me screaming fuck the cops, make me wanna squeeze the Glock
Send my love out to the block ain't no way will I be stopped
Ain't no way we looking back
Those opinions these are facts
You don't feel me you just wack
Now tell me how real is that?
But in the mind of a nigga in the ghetto tryna make it
That trouble seems to find a nigga it's so hard to shake it
Say a prayer for my niggas still in it
I know it's hard and they just tryna make a living
Tryna feed the fam like it's Thanksgiving
Everyday a nigga praying for forgiveness
The penitentiary's a billion dollar business
And I will never let you trick me in the system

Oh, Mr. Black Man living in America
Please don't never let these motherfuckers bury us
Embarrass us
Hey, Mr. Black Man living in America
We can never let these motherfuckers bury us
We can never let these motherfuckers bury us

Ok, I pour another cup and roll and endo
Rolling 'round the city with extendos
They can't stop staring out the window
They just tired of burying they kin folk
I say the police out shooting, it's a cold world
What if one day that's your son or your little girl?

Hey, Mr. Black man living in America
We can never let these motherfuckers bury us
Embarrass us
I know the system is against a guy that's smart enough
Hey, Mr. Black Man living in America
We will never let these motherfuckers bury us
Embarrass us
Hey, Mr. Black Man living in America
Hey, Mr. Black Man living in America
Embarrass us