<i>[Dj Khaled Talking intro for 1:21]</i>

Take a look into my eyes
And just tell me what you see
Tell me do you you see the beast
They wanna let me off the leash
Way too many of them niggas sleep
I spit fire third degree
Pussy niggas don't wanna believe
On my momma they gon see
Got the hottest flow, and I'm honest though
Fuck witha nigga be modest for
My concsious know I'm kinda dope
Somebody let them bloggers know
They don't wanna let this problem in
Every year is my time again
Underrated they contemplating
I'm top 5 in they conversations
They heard the people been hating on me
Oh well nigga, whats new?
Still riding in a maybach
And they face mad when I came through
These niggas hate that I made it
Gotta make a way for my baby
My momma crying in that other room
And them tears were falling, I hate it
Next day I made me some change
Man up nigga no complaining
Daddy left my younger stages
Ain't no choice I had to make it
Will not quit, and I will repent
And I won't consent, with a nigga who snitch
Coupe no top it don't make no sense
Like a nigga who broke it don't make no cents
Just stay friends in a whip no tint
And that rolex glist oh boy they pissed
Yall fuck boys do make me sick
Your bitch blow me, C4, tick tick!
And I got this shit, Khaled I got em
He going to war, standing beside em
You gon need army! You gon need navy!
You gon need soliders! Maybe OBAMA!
It's that W-E, T-H-E, B-E-S- carry the T
None of you niggas don't matter to me
Slaughter ya feature, just slaughter your beat
Feed me rappers, bon appeite!
Niggas be trippin, them choppers will speak
Came for the war, no longer the peace
Time for the blind and be able to see
None of these niggas is ain't nothing like me
24 years ain't get no sleep
26 inches on my jeep, feeling like shackles on my feet
Know the day that they let me free, Yall in trouble O-M-G!
Please oh please nigga pray for me!
Killing this shit boy, RIP!
I'm back with a B and a mac on me
In the back of the jeep yall looking for me!
Capital A! Capital C! Capital E!
H-double O, D
Free my niggas till they all get free!
Rep my city, gotta rep my team!
Broward county President
Thats that shit that I represent!
Quarter mill for that whip I'm in
Pussy boys I never mind they diss
80 thousand thats on my wrist
Take your chick and I make that bitch
Hit the dick, then take a flick
Send that shit, you'll have a fit
L-O-L I'm outta state
Young nigga tryna get filthy rich
I'm outchea, better bring your voucher
Better call your counsler, shit get real
Wanna think I'm coward? Oh I ain't bout it
Now your family, is pushing flowers tears to your momma
Heard it got em, never want that drama!
Never want that drama ohhh Lord!
I pray the world don't end in January
December 31st I made obituaries!
All you niggas sleeping, meet the cemetery
All you niggas sleeping, meet the cemetery!!

Starvation...
Starvation...
God Bless this proud Nation... Two

<i>[Outro]</i>
<i>[Obama Speech]</i>

"If there is anyone out there that doubts its been a long time coming but tonight, tonight, is your answer!"