Michael was shot in the street,
Murdered by fuckin police,
Sisters, and brothers, the fathers, the mothers,
The streets are beginning to weep,
Innocent brothers who covered in color
Were seem like we die every week,
Fuck it I'm Malcolm X
My people in critical need of a speech
Should I be worried?
Should I be worried to walk out the door?
Please do not shoot me
Please do not shoot me, I'm goin' to the store
My mama be worried
She just expectin' for me to come home
The world is too crazy,
The reason my daughter gets schoolin' at home
Father forgive me, you know I be sinnin'
I woke up this mornin', I'm panickin'
Still can't believe it
That Robin Williams, the suicide death was so troubling
People are dyin'
City of Ferguson started a riot
Shoot up another
They just want people afraid of the siren,

A local 18 year old was shot and killed by police in Ferguson

My city in pain, my niggas in pain, the world is in pain
How much more pain do we gotta contain?
How much more pain do we gotta contain?
I pray that one day all this shit gonna change
My city in pain, my niggas in pain, the world is in pain
How much more pain do we gotta contain?
How much more pain do we gotta contain?

Fuck is still wrong with America?
Obama got us hysterical
We gon' need God, we gon' need savin'
I think we need us a miracle
They say the pain never made it
Why can't nobody explain it?
Meanin' to tell me that all of them people are missing?
It's fuckin' outrageous
How many soldiers gon' die again?
People so filled up with violence
Takin' our lives and it's done by the ISIS
They kill us to send us the messages

So any attempt by you, Obama, will result in the bloodshed of your people

Fuck 'em, we never love 'em
Innocent babies are taken from mothers
We are in trouble and life is a struggle
See we need some guidance, can't turn on each other
Lord, don't get it twisted
Brenda, she still can't find her lil' baby
She's 17
What the fuck are you gon' do with a baby?
These niggas crazy
Challenges burnin' theirself on the daily
Fuck your complainin'
I seen the look on them babies in Haiti

My city in pain, my niggas in pain, the world is in pain
How much more pain do we gotta contain?
How much more pain do we gotta contain?
I pray that one day all this shit gonna change
My city in pain, my niggas in pain, the world is in pain
How much more pain do we gotta contain?
How much more pain do we gotta contain?

You took my son away from me.
You know how hard it was to me,to get him to stay in school and graduate?
You know how many black men graduate?
Not many, because you bring them down to this type of level where they feel like they don't got nothin' to live for anyway,
they gon' try to take me out anyway.

My city in pain, my niggas in pain, the world is in pain
How much more pain do we gotta contain?
How much more pain do we gotta contain?