Oh, holly molly, rollin on me fuck your click, the homies
I get money, paper taller than that fool Ginobli
Just know my kardashian ain't talking Khloe
And these bitches all up on my dick,
But I ain't talking moby
They say my swagger super dumb, but hey, I graduated
I got that shit, that will make your bitch, forget you penetrated
And the freaky shit you like I'll make her demonstrate it
Uh, plus a nigger upon these boys
Illustrate it silly ass, niggers swag kill ‘em like the chopper do
Turn ‘em into milkshake
Serve ‘em at the jumbo juice
All you niggers super sweet like candy at the carnival
Riding through my city not a judge but I'm your honor hoe
See me fucking shoes? medium rare
Rear bottom, you can spot ‘em like a cheetah nere
I'm a fly nigger, but you knew it though
A million dollar nigger, only twenty fours
Check me out, check me out
That new ferrari, let's test it out
Diamonds on my neck and wrist let's take a camera shot
Ok, let's crack this bitch, back up, better know my fucking name
A-C-E-H double O-D luggie and some fuckin brain and that shit go where she think, that whip on me is major pain.
Way too much of hatin you should be ashamed, black camaro call that fucker V-Rames
Might throw it on 6′s like LeBron James
Intercept your bitch, now that's the ball game!
Just keep on stealin flows I wont call names
But hey!

<i>[Chorus:]</i>
Now when I'm out, and you see me
I know you're watching like I'm your tv
Now check me out, now check me out
Yeah, you see these shoes <i>[?]</i>
They don't come out
We're talking money,
That's what I'm about
Now check me out, check me out!
Now check me out, check me out!
Just check me out, yeah, yeah!

Twenty free and got a billion dollars mind, frame
Spend forty thousand dollars for my time frame.
Diamonds in my belt, boy thats time change
Triple black ferrari, call him bruce wayne!
Mr. hood a problem he be stuntin hard
Fuck them bitches talking get this cock-asaurus
Hop out of the jeep with christian louis vuittons
But I know I run the shit like relays through batons
Wildin ass nigga swag kill ‘em like the hollows do
Say my flow is super sick, diagnose some Thera-Flu
Pistol kiss ya lips, I make that hoe go off and marry you
Bye, bye you, burie you, anybody wonder if they can get that too
Dog with the hoes and a beast in the booth got two cars but I need that coop
Nine times outta ten I don't need that roof
Just check me out when I come through
Fuck you and your momma fool, your auntie hatin fuck her too
Ask anybody I'm the truth in the booth keep talking shit you'll lose your tooth
That's silly nigger, eatin the pickle dillys
I holler free my niggers, and they ain't talking willy
My whip do 215 shout out my nigger, feel it
Shout out my nigger, khaled for all my latest grammys
Yeah, check us out!

<i>[Chorus:]</i>
Now when I'm out, and you see me
I know you're watching like I'm your tv
Now check me out, now check me out
Yeah, you see these shoes <i>[?]</i>
They don't come out
We're talking money,
That's what I'm about
Now check me out, check me out!
Now check me out, check me out!
Just check me out, yeah, yeah!