I got a bitch from Barcelona and she foreign
And if that head ain't good then she gon' get deported
I count my blessings and that money every morning
And all these hoes they want the dick like there's a warrant!
Ok, Germany, <i>[?]</i> Haiti, we fly out in Dubai where they pray do I lie?
Hot in the desert, the way you know leather, I know it's a blessing you meet with the God!
You know I'm the boy, I'm the realest to do it, whipping that foreign that'll shit on your Buick
I'm lying on money, but still no accusing you, rapping so dizzy I'll park you with music?
Ha! Love it that a nigga getting cash, that'll make a nigga go bad! VROOM VROOM
Creeping on a low creep past, never get it that's too fast! ADIOS!
Working out deals like Cardio, smoke a little a little weed, gee where the fuck Mario?
You know a real nigga when you see one, you ain't gotta broadcast shit like the radio
You know who I am, you know what I'm about, you see where I'm at
I'm straight at ya neck, don't pose in no pictures I pose as a threat
I'm bout it whatever, they not in my level, you bow to the best!
I pray that I make it, amazing, and please don't compare me to less!
I'm satan, I'm blazing, I'm through with the patience
I'm like a grenade that was locked in your basement
I'm too underrated, I'm too high and faded, my flow is outrageous, they want me sedated
Family is good then I'm happy you laid me, chasing that cake is like (Happy for you lady <i>[?]</i>)
Sorry to tree, but this beat it was banging, think I won't body you, you sadly mistaken
I'm GONE! And I got your bitch off in my foreign, and she said ya sex was fucking boring!
I fucked her once while I was touring! Believe that!

She only been here for two weeks, and where the girls at that trying to leave with me
She working hard, like she trying to get a visa, the way she twerk it, (I might just pull out my visa)
After we leave girl, you know where you going (you know where you going!)
Straight to the telly (you ain't leaving till the morning)
Saying I'll bang ya (you know that shit boring!)
AMERICAN, you know I had to copp that foreign! (Copp that foreign)
AMERICAN, you know I had to copp that foreign! (She got on that bikini when we in the lamborghini)
AMERICAN, you know I had to copp that foreign! (She from another country, I brought her in the city with me, yeah! know it's never boring!)
AMERICAN, you know I had to copp that foreign! (Copp that foreign!)

And she be like " Ay que rico!" when I'm going real deep though
You can give me all them besos, just stay low and do what I say so!
(Fuck me now) Oh shit, excuse my French but I got a bad bitch and
She ain't from france, but she French kiss dick
She ain't got no plans, but to get dismissed

She only been here for two weeks, It's a different party every night she like to drink
Body language is like she trying to speak! That's ok, that's all right, go all day, go all night, I'm a BEAST!
After we leave girl, you know where you going (you know where you going!)
Straight to the telly (you ain't leaving till the morning)
Saying I'll bang ya (you know that shit boring!)
AMERICAN, you know I had to copp that foreign! (Copp that foreign)
AMERICAN, you know I had to copp that foreign! (She got on that bikini when we in the lamborghini)
AMERICAN, you know I had to copp that foreign! (She from another country, I brought her in the city with me, yeah! know it's never boring!)
AMERICAN, you know I had to copp that foreign! (Copp that foreign!)