There is nothing wrong your perception of the reality
Do not attempt to adjust the illusion
We control the harmonics
We control your emotions
We will move you to the left
We will move you to the right
We can reduce the volume to a whisper
Or increase it to a deafening roar
Now is the time to submit quietly
We control all you hear and feel
You are about to enter a great adventure
And experience the odd and mystery
From your ultimate fantasies, to your deepest fears
From which you may never return

Hello! Hello! Hello!
Come on, come on, come over
Hello! Hello! Hello!
Until the storm blows over

Love three times a day, love your life away
Love three times a day, and get yourself back into the jam
Love three times a day, there ain't no other way
It's in your DNA, let everybody know who you am

Goodbye! Goodbye! Goodbye!
Nice of you to stop over
Goodbye! Goodbye! Goodbye!
Before you do all over

Love three times a day, lock yourself away
Hate is so passe, and get yourself back into the jam
Love three times a day, no naivete
It's in your DNA, and tell them that you came with the band
It's the same old same old, puddin' in the tain
If you really need a lover, honey, call my name
You can lose your mind looking for a pearl
Like you're lookin' for a diamond in a rhinestone world
There's one kinda lover that's a just my style
That's a downtown baby with an uptown smile
Top hat glovers, kissin' lipstick girls
Kissin' high heel lovers with the serious swirls

Love three times a day
Lock yourself away
Love three times a day
And get yourself back into the jam
Love three times a day
Ain't no other way
And then a matinee
It's time that you be takin' a stand

There's no other lover in the whole wide world
That could love me like a lover yeah but this kinda girl
Had a way that she loved that nobody else could
In a way that she could love that everybody understood
Butta too bad for you when you ain't got no
When you be getting out of jail, we're gonna all have fun
Where's your game face, baby? Don't chaa look so sad!
I'm the best damn lover that you ever, ever had!

Love three times a day!

I'm a cha-ching lover, I'm the cat's meow
I ain't never gonna stop, and I never know how
It's like you done a lotta livin', in too few years
You don't wanna get drown in somebody else's tears

Love three times a day!

Hot monkey sex on a hot tin roof
You be higher than a shot of a million proof
It's the same old same-old puddin' in the tain
If you really need a lover,
Honey, call... my... NAAAAAME!