Welcome, and wake up!
This is not a dream but something between that and reality
Wake up if you dare!
This is not the regular nightmare!

Before your eyes the world will change
Slowly take you down to unknown places
Welcome to a world that's only yours
Wake up if you dare and just follow me!

Leave me alone, my dreams speak to me or am I still awake?
Leave me alone, I'm in my own threat, I'm a victim of my mind, let go!

I fooled you, I warned you though, 
I won't let go before you've dreamed all your dreams
I'll play you, you want me to...
You ask for more, you want to know

Leave me now, I need to know I'm in control
Leave me alone, leave me be within my private fantasies
Let go!

I told you, I won't let go
I want to show you what dreams can do for you
They'll free you, they'll open doors, they show you all you want to know

As some is light and some is dark, dreams can be both, they have two sides!

Fear, I am your fear deep inside
Fear, face all your fears deep in this dream, we are the dark side of your mind
Pain, I am your pain deep inside
Pain, feel all your pain deep in this dream
Feel it's a part of you
You are like your dreams, both light as dark, come with us now and explore

Silence, I'm here
No words, no sounds, no pain or doubts
I'm floating, even time itself can never touch me, I am free!

Silence, I'm here
No voices, no music
I'm roaming through this soundless place, leave me here where I am free!

Doubt, I am your doubt deep inside
I am all you try to hide
Hate, I am your hate deep inside
I am your mirror, your pride!

Energized by nightly views
You are the dream, the dream is you, aah...

So face it, you know I'm right!
You have no reason to resent me and fight
You are me and I am you! the other side of the sleepy truth

Leave me please, how can I rest with you inside?
Leave me alone, I'm too tired for these crazy theories, let go!

I'll leave you, but won't let go
For I am part of all you'll ever do
I'll help you, I'll open doors and show you all you need to know 
For I'm your 'dream energizer'!