I don’t know… you know
It’s just… it’s just missing something you know
I just wouldn’t be the same
It wouldn't be the same without…
IV League papa (yeah!) IV League papa (yeah!)
Yeah that’s what it was…

Now we the main attraction they clap for us
Waiting on my downfall ground floor up, that’s elevator action
Michael Jackson couldn’t be as dangerous, shit happens
Armed with the paint brush, hope you get the picture
Veins full of bad blood, brrruh, Tswak' Stick 'Em
What you favourite rapper used to be before the bitches
But that’s until we following the riches
Take it back to the kitchen
Like I got motswako ad-libs to my vision-e
Big dreams in me ever since I was a pikini
So you gotta use the big screen when you picture me
Ha! Kini Big Deal, See the tyres rotate like a windmill
And I will never loose focus, cry me a river swag trip a ocean
Motherfucker came a long way, ones and twos on IV League all day
Yet summer is still a long way, marathon I run this shit at my own pace

<i>[Hook:]</i>
How many rappers in the world right now
Hate it that none of them do it like I
Never get enough, never get enough, never too much
V. I .C .T. O .R. Y
Hands up for my victory lap
Hands up for my victory lap hey
(Toast to the winners!)
Hands up for my victory lap
Hands up for my victory lap hey
(If you know you’re a winner)

Party don’t stop till I say so
Want it all from the ground floor to my angels
Daddy Cool Diesel, heavy weight champ of the people
Future looks bright like casino lights
Wanted that seed ‘til my tree grow high
Root of all evil, spare no ego
I keep haters on their toes like Da L.E.S. does
Blowing notes like my name Kwela Tebza
You in the club acting all famous
Nobody even know what your name is
Plenty bottles but nobody’s at your table
He is on the phone talking like some bloody agents (Yeses!)
Party like I’m a rock star, tell a girl drop it low like a sports car
I’m the king who these jokers in my court yard
Money talks, I converse with the all stars
So you all about my paper
Tell me something new, tell me something entertaining
Tell me something true, tell me nothing about failure
Serving rappers on some 24hour a day shit

<i>[Hook]</i>

Gimme that old time feeling (what else!)
German automobile with no ceiling (what else!)
Push the button and start with no key ring (what else!)
Bad chick and a blunt with no seedlings (what else!)
You can still have what you want if you a dreamer
Start thinking out the box, or follow the leader
Ha... haven’t you been through that
Feel like end of the season when your team do bad
But all I really need is a clean new pair
Somebody on my arm and some money in my hand
That be good, you see the hunger in my eye lids
Whether we ball or checking out prices

<i>[Hook]</i>