Dearest love,
I hope this message finds you well
As these endless thoughts drip from my soul
Every single word secretly paints a fairytale
(Every single word secretly paints a fairytale of when we)
Of when we will melt into one...

Eyes (I am so scared...)
Forfeit sight to the pain (So scared...)
Cold scalpel's steel whispers tear at my very core
As I cling to my memories of you (I need you with me)

Were the last words that I wrote for you, enough to tell you
That in my death, the light that shone through my painful darkness
Was a blinding vision of your eternal smile?

It's me again,
Is it me, or am I wrong to be concerned?
Will the beauty of your pen
Ever cross my eyes again?
Was this all a lie?
Why?

Were the last words that I wrote for you, enough to tell you
That in my death, the light that shone through my painful darkness
Was a blinding vision of your eternal smile?

Make it stop, make this pounding in my head stop
(I don't know what happened... who would have thought my life would end up like this?...)
Fill my lungs with air, give me one more day to make her dreams come true
(... I never even got the chance to see her face...)
She understands right? that I'm not coming back...
(... or to touch her hair... and now it's too late...)
She understands right? that I'm not coming back...
(... I didn't mean to hurt her, not hurt her like this... I can't feel my legs...)
Make it stop, make the pounding stop
(... I can't feel my legs and I can't even cry... how could someone die like this?...)
I'm not coming back, I'm not coming back, I'm not coming back...
(... Who would have thought my life would end up like this)

If my words even reach you, I'll assume you don't care
Never knew that silence could cut so deep or that you could twist the blade
Now I curse all of your beautiful lies...
I love you and goodbye...

Were the last words that I wrote for you, enough to tell you
That in my death, the light that shone through my painful darkness
Was a blinding vision of your eternal smile?

Cold scalpel's steel whispers tear at my very core
As I cling to my memories of you
I need you with me